{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red242\green242\blue242;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20120\viewh8600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 General info\

\fs24 \

\b0 These are some general rules that you should follow in this project:\
  \
  (1) Communicate! Use the tools at your disposal to inform the other members of the team of your progress, the issues that you are tackling, and what you are working on at the moment.\
  (2) Really, communicate! \
  (3) Do not \'93push\'94 buggy code to the remote server; always do extensive testing before pushing a major upgrade in the code.\
	\'97 always ask for someone to cross-check your code when uploading major changes; you can do that via the 
\i Issue tracking 
\i0 system in Git.\
  (4) Ensure modularity of your code.\
  (5) Ensure scalability: do not hardcode any parts of your code.\
\

\b Communication\
\

\b0 Communication will be done via two ways: \
  (1)  issue a ticket in Git (look on the right side bar for \'93Issues\'94) or \
  (2) write an e-mail (either to everybody or just to the teaching assistant).\
\
The first one is preferred given that it\'92s easy to assign people that can work on the bug/enhancement/question and you can also close the issue when the problem has been fixed. 
\b \
\
Git usage\
\

\b0 To set up Git use a GUI based software such as, e.g, Sourcetree. There are numerous softwares like this for all platforms.\
\
You can also do it via command line as follows:\

\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f1\b0 \cf2   mkdir /path/to/your/project\cb3 \
\cb1   cd /path/to/your/project\cb3 \
\cb1   git init\cb3 \
\cb1   git remote add origin https://github.com/faitdivers/pyao.git\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 More information on how to commit, reset, branch, stage files, pull, etc. can be found in github.com.
\b \
\

\fs48 Documentation
\fs24 \
\

\b0 The Git repository will also work as a place to document our work and to communicate between one another. In the doc folder you can access different documents and edit them. The way to document the progress should be modular, but structured in such way that the links between each module of the simulator are clear.\
\
To document your work use (preferably) two separate files:\
  (1) the first should contain information that could go on a User Manual of the toolbox; it should be concise and clear and refer to implementation details and nuances that the user should observe; it should be complementary to the comments written directly on the code, such that it explains them in a more comprehensive manner.\
  (2) the second file is for mathematical and physical analysis. \
\

\b Important remark: 
\b0 the documentation is to be done in LaTeX.
\b \
\
Why not a wiki?\
\

\b0 Several wikis were tested; none of them were suitable for our project. \
\

\i wikia.com 
\i0 - free hosting but no support for LaTeX; everybody can see it and change it;\

\i wiki.tudelft.nl 
\i0 - free hosting but incredibly slow; not active at all; no support for LaTeX; search engine is horrible; supports having users with different permissions though;\

\i gitwiki 
\i0 - there is a wiki embedded in the git repository; however it is very very simple and although only people with commit permissions can write on it it has no support for LaTeX formulas 	and other advanced document formatting tools.\
\
A Wikimedia website would be preferred, but we have no host for that at the moment.\
\
}